Update enabling cors doc for choreo connect (#3768)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/security/enabling-cors.md

# Enabling CORS

#### Enable CORS configuration for API resources (API level)

> If you are following the dev-first approach ([Deploy API via CLI tool](https://apim.docs.wso2.com/en/4.0.0/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/deploy-api/deploy-api-to-choreo-connect/#via-the-cli-tool-apictl))You can add CrossOrigin Resource Sharing ( **CORS** ) configurations for each API (at API level) using the OpenAPI vendor extension **x-wso2-cors** in the API definition. The following code snippet depicts the usage of the `         x-wso2-cors        ` extension. For more information, see the [detailed sample OpenAPI definition with CORS level configuration](https://github.com/wso2/product-microgateway/blob/master/samples/cors_sample.yaml) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are following the dev-first approach ([Deploy API via CLI tool]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/deploy-api/deploy-api-to-choreo-connect/#via-the-cli-tool-apictl))You can add CrossOrigin Resource Sharing ( **CORS** ) configurations for each API (at API level) using the OpenAPI vendor extension **x-wso2-cors** in the API definition. The following code snippet depicts the usage of the `         x-wso2-cors        ` extension. For more information, see the [detailed sample OpenAPI definition with CORS level configuration](https://github.com/wso2/product-microgateway/blob/master/samples/cors_sample.yaml) .
```

  accessControlAllowCredentials: true
```

> If you are following the [Deploy API via APIM](https://apim.docs.wso2.com/en/4.0.0/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/deploy-api/deploy-api-to-choreo-connect/#via-api-manager) approach, you can add **CORS** configurations for each API using the [APIM](https://apim.docs.wso2.com/en/4.0.0/design/advanced-topics/enabling-cors-for-apis/#EnablingCORSPerAPI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are following the [Deploy API via APIM]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/deploy-api/deploy-api-to-choreo-connect/#via-api-manager) approach, you can add **CORS** configurations for each API using the [APIM]({{base_path}}/design/advanced-topics/enabling-cors-for-apis/#EnablingCORSPerAPI)
```

### Enable CORS configurations globally

You can enable CORS for Choreo Connect by configuring in the `config.toml` file, which is located in the `CHOREO-CONNECT_HOME/docker-compose/choreo-connect/conf/` directory.

Follow the instructions below to enable CORS globally. Once this is enabled, it will apply this configurations through all endpoints and APIs deployed in Choreo Connect.

1. Open the `CHOREO-CONNECT_HOME/docker-compose/choreo-connect/conf/config.toml` file.

> 2. Locate the following configuration set and make the `enabled` attribute to `true` with the required CORS attributes there.

Reviewer 2: Let's put a note saying that if cors for a certain API is disabled from API Level Configurations, the global Configurations will apply.

Author: Added a note
